hi what's up guys
Today I'm gonna show you a sci-fi film the "Reign of Fire"
David comes to visit his mother
who's an engineer in charge of the construction
on the London underground
workers happen to penetrate a cave
which arises David's attention
out of curiosity
he then slips into the cave for more exploration
but finds nothing except some kind of horrible creature
he rushes to inform all others out of the danger
but it's too late
the creature has been wakened up from hibernation
it come following the tunnel
with burning flames blown out of its mouth
the mother is freaked out
and wanna take David out to the ground from a lift
but soon she is cut dead
by the sharp crawl of a fire dragon following tightly behind
before it flies out of the underground
still under the panic
David finds his mother has been killed protecting him
David is the only survivor who saw the fire dragon
many years that follow
he keeps tracking the movement of these creatures
scientists believe that it's the fire dragon
who has ever burned dinosaurs on Earth to extinction
and after that they all go into hibernation underground
to avoid starvation
since they've awakened right now they mass reproduce
and will destroy the whole world again
the mankind's resistance including the nuclear weapons
only turns out to hasten the destruction of human societies
which are nearly extinct by 2020
with many years' experience
gained from fighting against the fire dragons
David turns an abandoned castle into a shelter
for the remaining survivors
some day a man can't wait any longer to find some food
outside for his starving children
the man disobeys the order and heads out privately
but he is caught up by the fire dragon
and gets his one child killed
David shows up with a fire-proof truck for their protection
but on their way back
they're stopped and attacked by the fire dragon
and get another guy killed
before they're all retreated safe back into the shelter
still under the frustration
people in the shelter are visited by some unexpected guests
the Chief requests David to offer one night stay
in the shelter for his squad
who has come all the way from the US
and lost more than a hundred of the team member
David wanna turn down the chief's request
until he realize the Chief is a real dragon hunter
and knows the weakness of the fire dragons
what's more the squad even get their own tanks
and helicopters for hunting the dragons
at that right time
they're alerted by the dragon's coming attack
the Chief dispatch his team out immediately
to get ready for the attack
the helicopter flies up high in the air for surveillance
while the motor men set up some kind of devices
on the ground for position purpose
after all's set
some men on the helicopter jump down first
to attract the dragons' attention
while the other two jump down later
intending to shoot nets at the dragons and trap them
but due to the low visibility
they misses the fire dragons
what's worse
one man hits the ground badly due to high speed
and another man turns to be the prey of the dragon
when knowing David is standing close to the dragons
the Chief orders him to play the bait
in order to lead dragons into the trap
David follows the instruction and rides the horse over a slope
it turns out a dragon following tightly behind
is shot dead by somebody waiting there
people in the shelter are all encouraged
and cheering up for the hunting
the Chief, who's lost another three members in this battle
can't accept people's compliment
but rather, he turns to mock at people's helpless
David stops the Chief for the reason they come to England
he is told the team has hunted hundreds of fire dragons
but only find that they are all female dragons
that would mean there's only one male dragon in their species
they get to hunt the male dragon down
to make peace once for all
right now they've tracked down the only one male dragon
located in London
despite this David refuses their request for
more soldiers and supplies for the team
and wanna evict them out of the shelter
from the reasons given by David
the Chief knows that David has actually met with
the male dragon
during that disaster which killed his mother
however, the Chief does't wanna give up
he even plans to hire some soldiers from the crowd
which anger David greatly
David gets into a fight with the Chief
at last the Chief gets no choice but to leave
with his remaining guys
after one day's progressing
the team finally makes it to the suburb area of London
to which all of the entries are blocked up
they send the girl out to look for another way
but right at that time
the male dragon shows up in the far end of the city
with its red flames blown out
and shinning the night sky bright
with no time to find cover
the Chief keeps shooting at the coming dragon
but he is turned down by the hot waves
do does the whole team
whose bullet rain seems to pose no threats
on the burning dragon
by the time the girl comes back
she only finds that the whole team is gone with nothing left
the Chief is lucky enough to survive the attack
on the other side rather than flying back to its base
the male dragon keeps heading towards David's shelter
and sets the castle into big fires
people are relocated to a safe house
right when David's friend is about to relocate
more people inside
the dragon launches its attack at the safe house
the friend chooses to sacrifice himself
by closing up the door from outside
the second day David is wakened up by the Chief and the girl
by the time they go out from the safe house
they only see everything is burned into pieces
finding nowhere to retreat
David decides to go alone with the Chief and the girl
along the Times Rive all the way up to London city
which has turned to be the reproduction base of the dragons
thanks to his familiarity with the London city
David follows the tunnel route
and leads the Chief to the square
where the male dragon is supposed to inhabit
right after they set up a plan for the attack
the male dragon flies back roaring over the sky
the girl plays the bait to attract its attention
the male dragon approaches the girl
and is about to blow out its flames at her
but right then the Chief shows up
and shoots it with a gunpowder arrow
which injures the dragon
and makes it to plunge towards the Chief
who takes his last courage to face the death
David meets up with the girl
and wanna revenge against the dragon
with gunpowder arrows
while David is preparing for the arrow
the male dragon locates him and is about to attack
luckily under the cover from the girl
who's rushing out with machine gun
David takes the only chance
to shoot the gunpowder arrow into its open mouth
which blows up the male dragon finally
in the following months
there are no more dragon attacks
after death of the male dragon
David regains his control of fears
from the courages shown by the Chief
while the lucky survivors are all gathering up
for the rebuild of their civilization from the ruins
This's Daniel CC movie review
Please comment below, thumbs up and subscribe to my channel
See U next time with more fancy movies!